# 112-1_CV_NTU_2023Fall_Computer-Vision
112-1_傅楸善_電腦視覺_CV_NTU_2023Fall_Computer Vision

## HW1
Part1. Write a program to do the following requirement.
- (a) upside-down lena.bmp
- (b) right-side-left lena.bmp
- (c) diagonally flip lena.bmp

Part2. Write a program or use software to do the following requirement.
- (d) rotate lena.bmp 45 degrees clockwise
- (e) shrink lena.bmp in half
- (f) binarize lena.bmp at 128 to get a binary image

## HW2
Write a program to generate:
- (a) a binary image (threshold at 128)
- (b) a histogram
- (c) connected components
- (regions with + at centroid, bounding box)

## HW3
Write a program to generate images and histograms:
- (a) original image and its histogram
- (b) image with intensity divided by 3 and its histogram
- (c) image after applying histogram equalization to (b) and its histogram

## HW4
Write programs which do binary morphology on a binary image:
- (a) Dilation
- (b) Erosion
- (c) Opening
- (d) Closing
- (e) Hit-and-miss transform
Announcement
- Binarize Lena with the threshold 128 (0-127,128-255).
- Please use the octogonal 3-5-5-5-3 kernel.
- Please use the "L" shaped kernel (same as the text book) to detect the upper-right corner for hit-and-miss transform.
- Please process the white pixels (operating on white pixels).
- 5 images should be included in your report: Dilation, Erosion, Opening, Closing, and Hit-and-Miss.

## HW5
Write programs which do gray-scale morphology on a gray-scale image(lena.bmp):
- (a) Dilation
- (b) Erosion
- (c) Opening
- (d) Closing
Announcement
- Please use the octogonal 3-5-5-5-3 kernel. (which is actually taking the local maxima or local minima respectively).
- 4 images should be included in your report: Dilation, Erosion, Opening and Closing.

## HW6
- Write a program which counts the Yokoi connectivity number on a downsampled image(lena.bmp).
Announcement
- Downsampling Lena from 512x512 to 64x64:
    - Binarize the benchmark image lena as in HW2, then using 8x8 blocks as a unit, take the topmost-left pixel as the downsampled data.
- Count the Yokoi connectivity number on a downsampled lena using 4-connected.
- Result of this assignment is a 64x64 matrix.

## HW7
- Write a program which does thinning on a downsampled image (lena.bmp).
Announcement
- Downsampling Lena from 512x512 to 64x64:
    - Binarize the benchmark image lena as in HW2, then using 8x8 blocks as a unit, take the topmost-left pixel as the downsampled data.
- You have to use 4-connected neighborhood detection.

## HW8
Write a program which does:
- (a) Generate noisy images with gaussian noise(amplitude of 10 and 30)
- (b) Generate noisy images with salt-and-pepper noise( probability 0.1 and 0.05)
- (c) Use the 3x3, 5x5 box filter on images generated by (a)(b)
- (d) Use 3x3, 5x5 median filter on images generated by (a)(b)
- (e) Use both opening-then-closing and closing-then opening filter (using the octogonal 3-5-5-5-3 kernel, value = 0) on images generated by (a)(b)
- You must calculate the signal-to-ratio (SNR) for each instance(4 noisy images and 24 processed images)
Announcement
- You must include your noisy image before processing and after processing in your report.
- You must calculate the signal-to-ratio (SNR) for each instance and write them in your report. Use this formula if any conflicts occur.
- You are to generate gaussian noise with amplitude of 10 and 30, salt-and-pepper noise with probability 0.1 and 0.05. You must use the 3x3, 5x5 box filter and median filter, both opening-then-closing and closing-then opening filter (using the octogonal 3-5-5-5-3 kernel, value = 0) on those images. You will produce 24 images and 4 noise figures.
- Here is a simple pseudo normal random number generator with mean 0 and variance 1. If your programming language provides an API for pseudo normal random numbers (i.e., randn in matlab, you may use it as an exception to hard code programming.
- You can use any programing language to implement homework, however, you'll get zero point if you just call existing library.

## HW9
You are to implement following edge detectors with thresholds :
- (a) Robert's Operator: 12
- (b) Prewitt's Edge Detector: 24
- (c) Sobel's Edge Detector: 38
- (d) Frei and Chen's Gradient Operator: 30
- (e) Kirsch's Compass Operator: 135
- (f) Robinson's Compass Operator: 43
- (g) Nevatia-Babu 5x5 Operator: 12500
Announcement
- You can use any programing language to implement homework, however, you'll get zero point if you just call existing library.
- Threshold Values listed above are for reference, you can choose your own values if you want.

## HW10
- Implement 2 Laplacian Mask, Minimum Variance Laplacian, Laplacian of Gaussian, and Difference of Gaussian(inhibitory sigma=3, excitatory sigma=1, kernel size 11x11).
- Please list the kernels and the thresholds(for zero crossing) you used.
- Threshold Values listed below are for reference:
- (僅供參考，同學可自己找出 Edge Image 品質最佳的門檻值threshold value)
- (a) Laplace Mask1 (0, 1, 0, 1, -4, 1, 0, 1, 0): 15
- (b) Laplace Mask2 (1, 1, 1, 1, -8, 1, 1, 1, 1)
- (c) Minimum variance Laplacian: 20
- (d) Laplace of Gaussian: 3000
- (e) Difference of Gaussian: 1
